code/README.md, before:

# Freedom

## Preparing Environment

- Install Node >= 20.11
- Run: `yarn prep` (in `code/` folder)

## Running Tests

```bash
yarn test
```

## Environment Options

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| FREEDOM_BUILD_MODE | Set to `DEV` to enable compile-time development features, guarded with DEV labels.  `yarn prep:dev` implies this.  Use `yarn clean` when switching build modes |
| FREEDOM_BUILD_UUID | A string value that will be replaced at build time. |
| FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS | (DEV build mode only) Functions to log start and completion marker lines for.  Default = `all`.  See Log Rules below. |
| FREEDOM_LOG_ARGS | For any functions logged due to `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`, determines if argument values should be logged as well. See Log Rules below. |
| FREEDOM_LOG_FAILURES | (DEV build mode only) For any functions not logged due to `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`, determine if failures should be logged.  Default = `all`.  See Log Rules below. |
| FREEDOM_LOG_RESULTS | For any functions logged due to `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`, determines if results should be logged as well. See Log Rules below. |
| FREEDOM_DEBUG_TOPICS | (DEV build mode only) A comma / newline set of topics to log.  See `debugTopic` function in `freedom-async` package.  A logger must be setup for this to work, ex. using `FREEDOM_VERBOSE_LOGGING=true`. |
| FREEDOM_VERBOSE_LOGGING | (DEV build mode only) Set to `true` to enable default logging automatically -- intended to be used for debugging tests.  In production, logging is normally configured using code instead. |
| FREEDOM_PROFILE | (DEV build mode only) Set to enable profiling.  Follows the same rules as Log Rules. |
| FREEDOM_MAX_CONCURRENCY_DEFAULT | If unset, the default value is `5`.  When debugging tests, it's helpful to set this to `1` to make logs easier to follow. |
| FREEDOM_LOGGING_MODE_DEFAULT | If unset, the default value is `structured`.  When debugging tests or running locally, it's sometimes easier to read flat logs, which can be done using the value: `flat`. |

## Log Rules

For the logging-related environment variables: `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`, `FREEDOM_LOG_ARGS`, and `FREEDOM_LOG_RESULTS`, rules are used to select what to log.

For example: `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS=freedom-crypto-service/utils/makeCryptoService>generateSignedValue` selects functions where the top ID string for the trace stack is '`freedom-crypto-service/utils/makeCryptoService>generateSignedValue`'.

Multiple inclusion rules can be added by separating individual rules using commas and/or newlines.

- If the patterns list is empty (though not necessarily undefined – see default value for `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`), nothing will match
- If the patterns list is '`all`', everything will match
- Otherwise, within a rule:
  - '`**`' matches anywhere in the trace stack
  - '`*`' matches anything except '`>`'

Commit message:

Added FREEDOM_MOCK_CRYPTO environment variable - Can be set to true (DEV build only) to replace encrypt, decrypt, sign, verify, and digest with functions that leave the content readable (but mark it so it's clear its been processed)

code/README.md, after:

# Freedom

## Preparing Environment

- Install Node >= 20.11
- Run: `yarn prep` (in `code/` folder)

## Running Tests

```bash
yarn test
```

## Environment Options

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| FREEDOM_BUILD_MODE | Set to `DEV` to enable compile-time development features, guarded with DEV labels.  `yarn prep:dev` implies this.  Use `yarn clean` when switching build modes |
| FREEDOM_BUILD_UUID | A string value that will be replaced at build time. |
| FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS | (DEV build mode only) Functions to log start and completion marker lines for.  Default = `all`.  See Log Rules below. |
| FREEDOM_LOG_ARGS | For any functions logged due to `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`, determines if argument values should be logged as well. See Log Rules below. |
| FREEDOM_LOG_FAILURES | (DEV build mode only) For any functions not logged due to `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`, determine if failures should be logged.  Default = `all`.  See Log Rules below. |
| FREEDOM_LOG_RESULTS | For any functions logged due to `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`, determines if results should be logged as well. See Log Rules below. |
| FREEDOM_MOCK_CRYPTO | (DEB build mode only) Set to `true` to cause crypto and hashing related functions to leave content as readable as possible. |
| FREEDOM_DEBUG_TOPICS | (DEV build mode only) A comma / newline set of topics to log.  See `debugTopic` function in `freedom-async` package.  A logger must be setup for this to work, ex. using `FREEDOM_VERBOSE_LOGGING=true`. |
| FREEDOM_VERBOSE_LOGGING | (DEV build mode only) Set to `true` to enable default logging automatically -- intended to be used for debugging tests.  In production, logging is normally configured using code instead. |
| FREEDOM_PROFILE | (DEV build mode only) Set to enable profiling.  Follows the same rules as Log Rules. |
| FREEDOM_MAX_CONCURRENCY_DEFAULT | If unset, the default value is `5`.  When debugging tests, it's helpful to set this to `1` to make logs easier to follow. |
| FREEDOM_LOGGING_MODE_DEFAULT | If unset, the default value is `structured`.  When debugging tests or running locally, it's sometimes easier to read flat logs, which can be done using the value: `flat`. |

## Log Rules

For the logging-related environment variables: `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`, `FREEDOM_LOG_ARGS`, and `FREEDOM_LOG_RESULTS`, rules are used to select what to log.

For example: `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS=freedom-crypto-service/utils/makeCryptoService>generateSignedValue` selects functions where the top ID string for the trace stack is '`freedom-crypto-service/utils/makeCryptoService>generateSignedValue`'.

Multiple inclusion rules can be added by separating individual rules using commas and/or newlines.

- If the patterns list is empty (though not necessarily undefined – see default value for `FREEDOM_LOG_FUNCS`), nothing will match
- If the patterns list is '`all`', everything will match
- Otherwise, within a rule:
  - '`**`' matches anywhere in the trace stack
  - '`*`' matches anything except '`>`'
